No way!
This is Chalkboard Charlie calling Homeroom.
Christopher Thorndyke is
still absent from school.
Get the ball, Francis.
Mr. Stewart?
[Sigh]
Can you throw me the ball, please?
Hey, Mr. Stewart! Why
don't you come and play?
Uh... me?
Yeah, it'll be fun!
Alright.
[Laughing]
Nothin' but net!
That was an awesome shot, Mr. Stewart!
Well, I was an alternate on the
practice squad back in college.
[Giggles]
Did I say something funny, Helen?
I was just thinking that I'm
happy we got you as our teacher.
Really.
We weren't sure about you
at first, but you're cool.
Thanks, Danny.
I thought Tails and Sonic
would be here in the workshop.
Wonder where they are?
Maybe they took the X Tornado out,
and I guess I just missed 'em.
I can't wait to show 'em what I've got!
Sonic's gonna be really proud of me
when he sees that I found a Chaos Emerald!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
It's Knuckles!
Eggman!
Hmm.
What'd ya do to him?
Nothing. I found him this way.
Woah! He's alive!
Of course I am.
What happened?
Chaos turned against me.
How come?
Because it wants to use the power of
the Chaos Emeralds all for itself.
Tell us where Chaos is, or else!
Take it easy, Knuckles.
How dare you threaten me?
I'd love to teach you a lesson,
but unfortunately, I have to fly.
He's getting away!
Okay, start reeling him up!
The winch is jammed!
We can pull him up ourselves!
No, wait. All that weight
will burn out our motors!
Don't just leave me hanging
here like a salami!
Try not to get agitated.
The cable could break.
Just enjoy the ride!
There's no time to lose.
My plans for world domination
depend on Chaos.
We have to track down
that renegade right away!
Roger.
[Yelling]
If Eggman was telling the truth, we
have to find Chaos fast and stop it.
The second it gets ahold of
all seven Chaos Emeralds,
it'll become too powerful to defeat.
You're right.
Woah!
Ahh!
Huh?
What's goin' on here?
Quiet.
I've been here before.
We're back in the past!
Tikal, the clan needs those seven Emeralds.
It is the only way to protect
ourselves from our enemies.
But taking the Emeralds isn't the way!
Please, stop! You'll regret it forever!
The clan has made its choice, and
we'll seize the Emeralds now!
Warriors, attack!
[All yelling]
Stop it!
[Screams] [Sounds of fighting]
[Grunting]
What is this thing?
[Chanting]
[Rumbling]
[Yelling and screaming]
They're gone. All of them.
Not all.
Aah!
Are you okay?
[Whimper]
I knew this would end in disaster.
Why, Father? Why didn't you listen to me?
[Struggling]
Hey! Hold on!
[Sparkling]
You must understand. The
servers are the seven Chaos.
Our hearts intensify their power!
The Controller serves to unify the Chaos!
The seven Chaos Emeralds take what is
in our hearts and turn it into power.
[Gasp]
But if the heart that wields the Emerald
is full of nothing but anger and fear,
then that power will bring pain
and destruction to the world!
Oh, please! You must stop Chaos!
She's gone.
Knuckles, did ya understand
what she meant about Chaos?
We have to stop Chaos from getting
hold of the last Emerald.
Hey, you guys! Look!
[Grimaces]
Aah!
Woah!
Chris!
Ugh! [Grunting]
- Aah!
Hold tight, buddy!
Aah!
Just hang on!
[Yells]
Aah!
Aah! Aah!
So Chaos has all seven Emeralds now.
I'm sorry, Knuckles.
It's all my fault.
That creature is more
powerful than all of us.
It can't be stopped.
[Groans]
But we have to try!
Chao! Chao!
Huh?
Hmm?
You were doin' 50 in a 35 mile-an-hour zone.
But since ya did ask me for my autograph,
I'll let ya off with a warning this time.
Woah!
Must be a water main break!
Let's get outta here!
[Crowd panics, everyone's yelling]
Weird.
[Explosions]
[Crowd yelling]
SONIC: You'll be safe here. Hurry!
Ugh.
Aah! Aah!
Woah!
[Monstrous roaring]
Station Square is flooded.
We don't know the exact
cause of the disaster yet,
but eyewitnesses reported that
something went horribly wrong
in the city's water system.
As you can see, there's complete devasta-
Oh my!
There's something down there!
It appears to be some kind of... monster!
Tell that pilot to fly closer to the monster!
Counterattack is impossible!
Our missile launchers
were caught in the flood!
What about fighter jets?
How many do we have in the area?
Throw everything we've got at it!
As Commander-in-Chief, I authorize you
to do whatever it takes to stop that thing!
SCARLET: Much of the city is now in ruins!
The only good news is that
nobody has been seriously hurt.
But the monster is still attacking us.
What are you trying to say, Cheese, huh?
Chao chao chao!
Don't worry. That flood won't hurt you.
Right. We're going up to the
mountains where it's safe.
Chao chao chao chao chao!
What are you waiting for?
We have to get out of here, fast!
But we can't go yet because Mr.
Chris still hasn't come back home.
Where is he?
We've gotta stop Chaos somehow!
Faster! We don't have much time!
Better hang on!
If I don't get to the city fast,
there won't be anything left to save!
The monster is downtown, leaving
a wave of destruction in its wake!
Children, we're all moving
up the slope there!
[Children yelling and crying]
Roger, this is Chalkboard Charlie.
We need you back here at
headquarters on the double!
Hmm. Huh?
[Struggling]
But I can't leave my students!
What? This is a direct order!
Uh..! Ooooooh..!
I'm sorry, I didn't copy that.
Can you repeat, Homeroom?
Sir?
Are you the last ones?
Yeah. The others went ahead.
That's good. Then follow me!
- Okay!
- Right!
[Panting]
I'll wait for Chris.
As a former water polo champion,
I can swim both of us to
safety when the flood comes.
Chao chao!
Alright.
Chao!
Hmm...
[Grunting]
[Coughs]
Thanks! That was close.
Alright! Hope they send
that thing down the drain!
Commence attack pattern Bravo.
Copy that, squad leader.
Let's take it down!
[Lasers firing]
Switch to missile fire now.
[Blasting]
[Missiles whistle]
[Grunts] No way!
[Monster screams]
[Groans]
[Grits teeth]
[Crowd pandemonium]
The pilots are okay!
We need...
Sonic...
Systems are go!
Let's take off!
A successful evil genius always has a Plan B.
That's why I have the Egg Carrier 2!
Chaos better watch out!
Things are about to get
really chaotic!
[Laughs]
Oof.
That's it, Chaos!
Your destroyin' days are over! Hyaa!
Hey! Look!
Aah!
Oof!
Huh?
[Grunt]
[Monster screams]
Woooah!! Aah!
Woah!
[Grunt]
Sonic!
Aah!
You alright?
Yeah. Thanks, Chris!
Ya think...
we'll win?
It'll turn out okay.
But Chaos is more powerful than ever,
so I'll need plenty of help.
Can I count on ya?
You bet!
Okay, then! Let's do it!
[Lasers firing]
What's this?
Back off, Sonic!
Chaos double-crossed me!
Now it's payback time!
Eggman!
This time he's fighting on our side?
All attack systems are online.
Blast charges are loaded and
ready to fire at your command.
You're through, Chaos!
The price of disloyalty to the
Eggman Empire is annhilation!
Front missiles, fire!
[Missiles fire]
[Monster roars]
- Wooah!
Oh, great! How're we gonna beat him now?
Woah!
[Wincing]
This just keeps gettin'
freakier and freakier.
You again!
Since the day of my father's invasion,
I've journeyed across the seas
of eternal time with Chaos
to help keep its power under control.
But some fiend woke Chaos with a plan
to use its power for an evil purpose.
Eggman!
He must've uncovered the
way to revive Chaos somehow
so he could use it to take over the world!
Chaos has now drained all
the Emeralds of their power.
What?
Ever since my clan attacked the temple,
Chaos has only known hate and anger.
It will use the power of the seven
Emeralds to destroy this world.
We have to seal Chaos back in the
Master Emerald before it's too late!
It won't work.
Huh?
If we seal it in the Master Emerald,
the same thing'll only happen again.
We have to solve this
problem once and for all!
Yes. But how can we?
Oh...
Sonic! Sonic!
[Giggle] Look! I have something, for you!
Cream got the Emerald back
after Chaos let them all go.
Hey, Sonic!
Huh?
I finally got back the pretty
rock that Froggy swallowed!
You can borrow it if ya want to.
Aww.
Sonic! If you collect all the
Emeralds, you can defeat Chaos!
Here, you have more experience
at being the hero.
Thanks, Knuckles.
Eggman?
Oh, alright.
Take it.
We need one more.
Sonic! Look what I found!
[Panting]
[Grunts]
Chris!
Sonic, look!
I knew you'd come through!
[Laughs]
Go, Sonic!
Yeah, Sonic!
[Crowd cheers]
Way to go!
Alright!
The Emeralds are getting their power back!
Woah...
Woah!
Ooh!
Ohh!
[Gasp]
I thought the power of the Emeralds
could only be awakened by hate and anger!
There are other feelings
that are even more powerful.
When everybody gave their
Chaos Emeralds to Sonic,
it was because of our friendship!
Caring is stronger than hate!
And that's how Sonic is gonna beat Chaos!
[Monster screams]
[Grunt]
[Yelling]
Sonic!
You can't stop me!
Ahh!
Alright!
I knew Sonic could do it!
I knew it! Yeah!
If anybody can stop
that monster, Sonic can!
Go, Sonic!
CHILDREN: Go, Sonic!
Is that the best you can do?
[Crowd cheers and whistles]
[Joyous laughter]
It wasn't destroyed!
It survived!
Chao chao chao chao chao!
ALL: Chao! chao!
But it doesn't look angry anymore!
Yeah! If ya ask me,
Chaos actually looks kinda happy!
Wow, look at all those Chao!
Wonder where they came from?
It looks like all those
Chao are friends of Chaos
who came here to see him!
ALL: Chao chao!
These are the Chao you kept watch over.
They're coming into this world now!
The Chao will live here in peace.
And you can be at peace now, too!
ALL: Chao chao!
Time to go!
ALL: Chao chao chao!
[Sparkling]
Huh? Where'd Eggman go?
I think he escaped
while we were distracted.
Yeah? Well, he won't
get away next time.
You did it, Sonic!
Ha! We all did it!
Ha!